Release notes for kots 1.21.3 (#320)
replicatedhq/kots.io: content/release-notes/1.21.3.md

---
date: 2020-11-06T11:20:14-08:00
linktitle: "1.21.3"
title: "1.21.3"
kubernetes: "1.17, 1.18, and 1.19"
---

{{<fixes>}}

> * Fixed a bug that resulted in application status to be stuck in `Deploying` state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug that resulted in application deployment to get stuck in `Deploying` state.
```

> * Fixed a bug that resulted in application deployment to get stuck in `Deploying` state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug that resulted in application deployment getting stuck in `Deploying` state.
```
